Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
In a deadly 7-Eleven
robbery spree tonight.
two men were killed.
three were injured.
Authorities say this is
their primary suspect.
The state has mandated
these sessions
because they’re worried
about your aggression.
They wanna see that you
won’t cause harm to anyone...
Okay.
...and that you’re
still capable
of caring for your grandfather.
I am.
Can we help show
them that you are?
Yes.
It says that when you were in the
hospital. you had a violent fit.
and that you became loud
and abrasive for the nurses.
and that you threatened them.
I don’t know anything
about a violent fit.
Did you tell the nurses
that you were going to...
"split their skulls apart and
drink their brains like soup"?
I don’t like people touching me.
Are you still having nightmares?
According to this history.
it says you suffer from
migraines and nightmares.
And that you sometimes hear your
mother’s voice in your head.
or other voices talking to you.
I don’t know what
you’re talking about.
Do you remember Dr. Rubin?
You told Dr. Rubin that. sometimes.
you’re afraid of your own thoughts.
Would you like to
talk about that?
What do you wanna
talk about. Killian?
They make me drive six
miles to get groceries
because there’s no stores
in my neighborhood.
And does that make
you feel angry?
No grocery stores.
Just junk food.
Food that kills you.
I think they do that on purpose.
Who’s "they." Killian?
Yeah! Squeeze more.
Up! Two more! Crush it!
All you got. All you got.
Deep. deep. deep! One more!
Come on. Hustle!
Crush it. Crush
it. Get up. Get up!
Break.
That’s all. Nice.
Good work. baby! Nice. nice.
Yeah!
Next set? Yeah.
Another one? Yeah. yeah.
"Dear Brad...
"It’s Killian again.
"I’ve written you a few times
before. and I haven’t heard back."
Liquor store robbery in...
- Paw-Paw!
- ...one woman dead.
It was the third in a string of
armed robberies this past week
that has shaken local residents.
Authorities warn...
"I’m sure you get a lot of fan mail
and must not have seen my letters.
"Anyway...
"I’m leaving my phone
number here in this letter
"in case you’d like to call me.
"We can talk about
training. or diet.
"or anything you want. really."
Last seen driving a late-model white
Sedan. and police are urging...
"I saw your new magazine cover.
"I think it’s probably
the best I’ve ever seen.
"I think you are a great athlete.
and I admire you greatly.
"I have your posters on my wall.
"and I look at them every day.
"I’m working hard. and one
day hope to build a physique
"as magnificent as yours.
"Please call...
"or write me back.
"Your number one fan...
"Killian Maddox."
One is mine. baby! All
the way! All the way.
Relax.
Side chest.
Back lat spread.
Back double bicep.
Relax.
21 and 7. switch.
Side chest.
Relax.
19 and 12. switch.
Back double bicep.
9 and 7. switch.
Abdominals and thighs.
Relax.
Thank you. gentlemen.
Cashier needed at register
four. Cashier. register four.
Sorry.
- Hi.
- Hey. Charlie.
Uh. let’s do four pounds
of the. uh. chicken breast.
Hiya.
I work here. too.
Did I tell you that?
Monday. Wednesday.
Friday. right?
That’s why we never
work at the same time.
Good memory.
Just a... a natural. I guess.
So. how are things?
- I just had a competition. actually.
- Oh. yeah?
- Finished sixth.
- Nice. Oh!
No. you’re right. It is.
Six is good.
Yeah. better than seven.
Sixth place means I can... I can go
to nationals. try for my pro card.
That’s cool.
Yeah. maybe even be on one
of those magazines one day.
That would be cool!
- Your total is...
- $174.88. Yeah.
Saw it on the screen.
Keep the change.
You’re funny.
Well...
See you soon.
Yeah. see ya.
- Okay.
- Okay. then.
- Bye.
Sorry.
I’m sorry to do this here.
uh. at your place of employment
in front of everybody. but...
I was just wondering. would
you maybe wanna go out with me.
sometime?
Oh...
You don’t have to.
Only if you wanted to.
You probably have a
boyfriend or something.
I was just kidding
anyway. Uh...
You have a good day.
Goodbye.
277 pounds of hardcore muscle.
From England. the reigning
Mr. Olympia. Dorian Yates!
And we shall see what
will become of his dreams.
What’s going on up
there? What’re you doing?
Sorry. Paw-Paw.
Okay. it’s on.
Hello. Killian Maddox here.
Current NPC competitor.
future IFBB pro champion.
The fundamentals
of bodybuilding...
Fix that.
Go.
Hi. Killian Maddox here.
Current NPC competitor.
future IFBB pro champion.
The fundamentals of bodybuilding
are as old as the sport itself.
For true success.
one has to...
Fuck it.
Hey. guys. Killian
Maddox here.
Current...
Here we go.
No.
Come on!
Hey. guys. Kilian Maddox here.
Current IP... No!
There’s four S’s
to bodybuilding.
size. striation.
symmetry. and strength.
Strength is usually not something
they can test right away.
but it can be inferred.
Front lat spread.
2016 Grand Prix. Dayton. Ohio.
Judge told me my deltoids...
were too small.
These are your deltoids.
Here. Here.
There’s three parts to it.
There’s the front deltoid.
the front of the deltoid. the side
deltoid. and your rear deltoid.
When someone hears that
your deltoids are small.
they’re essentially saying
three muscle groups are small...
...which is quite insulting.
Also. you’ll see the...
the best way to demonstrate
the front deltoid
is probably side chest.
Back. Back. Back.
Back. Back. Back. And then...
Oh!
Hey. guys.
Killian Maddox here.
Current NPC competitor.
Future...
Future IFBB pro champion.
George and Sons.
Hi. Hello.
My name is Killian Maddox.
I’m calling on behalf of my
Paw-Paw. William Latimore.
We’re at 58 Tracy Lane.
Okay.
You guys came out and
painted the house.
I think it was a few weeks ago.
Okay. sure. What
can I help you with?
Right. My Paw-Paw
says the paint is thin
and it needs another coat.
He also says that he’s been calling you
to try to get you to come back here.
but you keep blowing him off.
Okay. yeah. he’s
been calling us.
Maybe you can help your Paw-Paw
understand the job is finished. okay?
It’s done.
So. we’re not just gonna
come back out there.
Hello?
Yeah. I don’t think you
understand what I’m saying.
May Paw-Paw’s name
is William Lattimore.
We live at 58 Tracy Lane.
The paint is thin and
it needs another coat.
so I need you guys to please
come back out here now
and put another coat of paint
on my Paw-Paw’s goddamn house!
- Okay. man. you don’t need to raise your...
- No. no. no!
You listen. okay?
Listen.
My Paw-Paw is an American war hero
who stormed the jungles of Vietnam.
Vietnam.
What have you done?
He is now old and sick.
and you will treat him with
respect. Now. I’m asking you nicely.
and in a calm voice.
Okay. you want us to come
back out to the house.
you have to pay for it.
Ten. I control my emotions.
my emotions don’t control me.
Hello?
Nine. I control my emotions.
my emotions don’t control me.
- Eight. I control my emotions...
- What?
...my emotions
don’t control me.
Are you at your shop right now?
I am. brother. You
called us here.
I’m gonna come down
there right now
and I’m gonna split your skull open
and drink your brains like soup.
Why don’t you fuck yourself?
They just didn’t
understand. It’s fine.
We need to talk face-to-face.
That’d be better.
He’s an American war hero.
I’ll just make that clear.
♪ Let me take you back
♪ To when I was
killed and born again
♪ Woke up in the light
♪ Convinced my life
had made it to... ♪
I’m here!
Cowards!
That’s what happens!
This is what happens!
American war hero!
Stormed the jungles of Vietnam!
This is what you get!
This is what happens!
They did this!
♪ To bury me It’s
over when I say
♪ And you’re not
getting rid of me
♪ So walk into my fire
♪ Or step into my light
♪ Either way it’s gonna burn
if you don’t make this right
♪ Oh
♪ Shit ♪
Blood pressure this
high is deadly. okay?
Coronary artery. kidney
failure. heart failure.
These drugs you’re taking
are powerful and toxic.
and your body is
beginning to shut down.
So. let’s try this again.
How long have you
been taking steroids?
Okay. Well...
Your blood work showed
elevated liver enzymes.
We did a scan and found several
tumors growing on your liver.
They’re not cancerous. but
they do need to be removed.
So. what I’m gonna do is prep
you for surgery this evening.
- And...
- No.
What’s that?
No surgery.
Have you been listening to what
I’m saying? You need to let us...
You’re not coming
at me with a knife.
I can’t have a scar.
I’m a bodybuilder.
Bodybuilders can’t have scars.
"Dear Brad. it’s Killian again.
"I’m beginning to think
maybe I’m being ignored.
"I hope this isn’t true.
"I really hope not.
"Do you check your mail?
"I check mine daily.
and you haven’t written.
"and you haven’t called.
"I know you haven’t had
any competitions lately.
"so I know you
can’t be that busy.
"Are you okay?
"I’m worried about you.
"Anyway.
"I was in the
hospital last week.
"Just thought you should know.
"I’m okay.
"No pain. no glory. right?
"In other news. I’m
facing a dilemma.
"It’s hard to admit.
but here it goes.
"My legs will not grow.
"I squat heavy. I eat
6000 calories a day.
"and I keep cardio to a minimum.
"But even with all the king’s
horses and all the king’s men.
"I cannot add mass
to my lower half.
"I have excellent genetics.
"I don’t know. What
am I doing wrong?
"I have so many questions.
"I’ve attached a picture of myself
to this letter to show my progress.
"As you’ll see. my chest
is really filling out.
"To conclude...
"I met a girl at work.
"Her name is Jessie.
"We’ll see where it goes.
"I think you would like her."
And I’m thinking. "Maybe
your kid is just dumb."
Have you seen how far
apart his eyes are?
"Hopefully. one day. you and
Amanda can hang out with us.
"That would be fun."
You’ve seen the car she drives.
"Please call or
write me back."
You are bad!
"Your number one fan...
"Killian Maddox."
The recent spike in crimes is the
direct result of weak policies
from weak elected officials
who seem perfectly happy
letting the city
devolve into anarchy.
It seems like every day.
there’s a new drug-infested...
We are witnessing a failure
of Congressional leadership.
Ugh. Every night with this.
Both of ’em.
Pointing fingers. talking shit.
It takes a god damn backbone
to get through this life.
- Yes. sir.
- Nobody’s gonna give you anything.
You earn it. That’s
how it works.
Crying that the
world ain’t fair.
Well. it ain’t fair. It
ain’t supposed to be fair.
You got some folks
who know this...
and folks who don’t
know this. See?
That’s the good
quality about you.
You don’t go around blaming
the world for being what it is.
- No.
- No. you don’t.
And I’m proud of you for it.
You got the heart...
of a champion.
Pick up the weights.
put ’em down.
Do it again.
Everything else is a fairy tale.
They’ll kick me down and kick
me down and kick me down.
Yeah.
I always get back up.
Always get back up.
What are you giving
it to me for?
They’re not calling for me.
- Are you done?
- Yeah. I’m done. I’m done.
Hello. this is William.
Hmm?
Oh.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. He’s here.
somewhere.
Huh? Oh. oh.
Okay. Yeah. just a second.
It’s a lady.
Who?
It’s a young lady.
Hello.
Hi. yes. this is
Killian Maddox speaking.
Yes. It’s Jessie.
I asked the shift manager for your
number. and this is the one he gave me.
Is that okay?
Who is this?
It’s Jessie.
From Super A.
Um...
I didn’t know you...
So. anyway. I thought
about what you said and.
yeah. I think it’d be
fun to go out sometime.
Oh. Okay. Really?
Only if you still want to.
Yes.
I... I do.
Do you still want to?
You don’t sound excited.
I am.
I am excited.
This is...
This is what I sound
like when I’m excited.
This makes me very happy.
So. how about tonight?
Oh. Like now? Yeah.
We could go to the Backwood Inn.
Slow down. cowboy.
How about Thursday?
Yeah. Thursday...
Thursday is good.
I love Thursdays. Thursdays are
my favorite day of the week.
SmackDown used to come on
Thursday. the wrestling stuff.
when it was WWF with
The Undertaker and Kane
and The Rock and Sting and nWo.
Yeah. yes. Thursday works.
Thursday’s good for me.
Okay. Thursday it is.
Jessie?
Yes. Killian?
This makes me very happy.
♪ I wish for you
♪ A kiss for you
I’m so sorry. I hope
I’m not too late.
Not at all.
Not... Not at all.
Thank you for coming.
You look handsome.
Oh. my... what happened?
I was in a car accident.
- Oh. my goodness. Was it bad?
- I’m okay.
I was... I was
wearing my seat belt.
Uh...
Yeah. my dad always said. "Wear
your seat belt." So. thanks. Dad.
My dad’s the exact same way.
Like. the exact same way.
Speaking of my dad.
I kind of maybe told him
about you and about our date.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Is that embarrassing?
- No.
- I’m embarrassed.
- No. not at all.
Don’t be. I’m...
You’re making me blush.
You can’t see it. but I am.
You can blush all you want.
You have a nice blush.
Well. since we’re
clearing the air. I...
truth is.
I come to the market when I know
you’re working just so I can see you.
Yeah?
Yeah.
And I’ve been meaning to ask
you out for a long time now.
I always thought you
were checking me out.
were handsome. but I’m...
really shy.
I’m shy. too.
I can see that.
I like it.
I. uh... I...
I told my dad about tonight.
- Shut up. Really?
- No. I’m kidding about that one.
No. I’m just... I’m just
kidding about that one.
Oh. no.
My dad’s dead.
You’re a funny one.
Oh.
- I...
- My mom’s dead. too. actually.
You remind me of her a little.
Someone killed her.
My dad did.
He shot her. and then he shot
himself. That’s why they’re both dead.
- Oh. my God.
- It’s okay.
I live with my Paw-Paw now.
Hey. y’all. Good evening.
Can I start y’all off
with something to drink?
- Um. I actually think we’re ready to order.
- All right.
I’ll do the six-ounce sirloin.
medium rare. No fries.
And I’ll also do the chicken
tender salad. charbroiled.
If Louis is in the back. just
ask him. He knows how I like it.
And does the glaze on
the salmon contain sugar?
- I’m actually not sure. but I can check.
- I can never remember.
Don’t worry about it.
I’m pretty sure it does.
I’ll take the salmon. You
guys can hold the glaze.
All right. Would that be all?
Let’s trade out the steaks.
I’ll do the porterhouse.
20-ounce. still medium rare.
And what is your
soup of the day?
It’s cream of mushroom.
Yeah. No. that’s
not gonna work.
Let’s do two baked
potatoes. no sour cream.
Light bacon. please.
Okay. got it.
And would you be able to do
a side of chicken breast?
Just chicken breast.
plain. nothing on it.
Uh. yeah. sure.
And a Diet Coke.
And could you top the
water off. please?
- Sure.
- Thank you.
- And for you?
- I’ll...
do the shrimp salad. I think.
All righty.
Thanks.
I’m sorry. I’ll just hold
on to that. if that’s okay.
- Sure.
- Thank you.
- I’m sorry about what I said earlier.
- No. I...
- I shouldn’t have said it. It was stupid.
- It’s okay.
I just... I can’t believe
that you eat so much food.
If you think that’s
a lot of food.
you should see how much
Brad Vanderhorn eats.
Oh. yeah?
- Is he your friend?
- Yeah. Sort of.
Does he work at Super A. too?
- Wait. what?
- Your friend. Um...
- Wait.
- What is it?
You don’t know who
Brad Vanderhorn is?
- No.
- Two-time IFBB pro.
- No. I’m sorry.
- He won the Arnold Classic.
Mr. Olympia 2015 runner-up.
He’s been on the cover
of Muscle & Fitness.
Flex. Men’s Healthtwice.
- Really?
- I...
- No? Really?
- I don’t... I’m sorry.
Oh. jeez. you really
should get out more.
Anyway. yeah. I’ve
been writing him.
He hasn’t written me back yet.
but he’s probably just busy.
Oh.
Do you feel like the customers
at work just walk by you
- like you’re not even there?
- Sometimes. yeah. I think...
Like they think they’re better
or cooler than you. or whatever?
It’s really hot in here.
I’m gonna show ’em. I’ve
got nationals in ten days.
I’m gonna place and
get my pro card.
Then. I bet they
won’t just walk by me.
So. what kind of
music do you like?
I wanna be Mr. Olympia one day.
I won’t let anything stop me
from accomplishing this goal.
I’ve been training for this competition
every moment of my entire life.
2016 Grand Prix. Dayton. Ohio.
judge told me I
had small deltoids.
said they needed work.
So what’d I do? I worked
them day and night
until they were perfect.
No sport on Earth
requires as much time.
energy. and commitment.
24 hours a day. There’s no days
off. There’s no missing meals.
There’s no missing sleep.
There’s no missing workouts.
You can’t do this
at 90%. or even 99%.
Take it from me. If you’re not
100%. you will never be successful.
You gotta burn the boats and bridges.
and commit all energy and focus
to being the greatest
bodybuilder on the entire planet.
The body is not used to the ninth
or tenth or 11th or 12th rep.
No. you’ve gotta go through this
pain barrier. and just go on and on.
And it’s these last two.
three or four repetitions.
that’s what makes
the muscle grow.
and that’s what separates one from
being a champion and not being one.
This is what most people lack. the
guts to just go in there and say.
"I don’t care what happens.
If I fall. I have no fear."
I’ve thrown up many times while
working out. but it doesn’t matter.
It’s all worth it.
Jump in the trenches.
face the enemy.
This is the most important
thing I will ever do.
You have to do something
big and important.
or no one will remember
you when you’re dead.
They’re gonna put
a picture of me
on the cover of the magazines.
and everybody will know
Killian Maddox was here.
I’m sorry. I have to
go to the bathroom.
♪ Know I’ll be back
♪ Same time tomorrow. Jack
♪ Just trying to
drink her away ♪
Hi. Um...
Your friend.
she wanted me to tell you
that she had to leave.
Jessie?
Yeah. she said that she
had a family emergency
and that she had to leave.
and that she’s sorry.
Very sorry.
- When?
- Uh. about ten minutes ago.
That’s right.
She did say that. She
did say she had to go.
She had a family emergency.
I must have forgotten.
Thank you for reminding me.
Sure. Um... Can I
wrap this up for you?
Yes. please.
Okay.
Actually. you can leave it.
And I’d like to
place another order.
♪ Happy birthday to you
♪ Happy birthday. dear... ♪
"Dear Brad...
"I see you won your
last competition.
"Congratulations.
"I have one coming up.
"Please... wish me luck.
"If you’re not going to write
me back. just let me know. okay?
"I don’t like having
my time wasted.
"Speaking of wasted time.
"the date with
Jessie was very bad.
"I don’t know what went wrong.
"I just tried to
be honest with her.
"There are thoughts in my head
I have no one to talk to about.
"Please write or call me back.
"Your number one
fan. Killian Maddox."
Fuck ’em!
Fuck ’em! Fuck ’em!
Fuck you!
In first place. for the
second year in a row...
from England. Dorian Yates.
The first presentation...
Hey. Paw-Paw.
All right. I’m off to
the competition now.
I’m gonna make you
proud today. I promise.
I’m already proud of you.
Drink your water.
I love you.
You Killian Maddox?
Yes. Who’s asking?
- Come on. fucker!
- Get him out! Get him out
of the fucking car.
Get him out!
Bring him up here!
Bring him back here. Come on!
Hit him! Hit him!
Hit him!
Get him up. huh?
You think you can crash my
uncle’s shop? Get him up!
Paw-Paw! Stay inside. Paw-Paw!
Hit him!
- Oh!
- Come on.
Pull him up!
Pull him up! That’ll do.
Go. go. go! Go!
What do you got now.
you fucking ape?
Killian Maddox here!
Killian Maddox here.
Killian Maddox.
I’m here.
Sir. Oh. my God.
Are you okay?
I’m okay. Don’t touch me.
Don’t touch me.
Maybe we should
get you a doctor.
I’m okay. I’m okay.
Have they called my name yet?
Killian Maddox to the stage!
Me!
Killian Maddox.
I’m sorry. Just...
What. you lost your mind or something?
What the hell are you doing?
Whatever it is. stop it!
You hear me?
Paw-Paw. go back to sleep. okay?
Were you in a fight?
You can be honest with me.
You won’t get in trouble.
It’s safe here.
There wasn’t a fight.
How are you doing. Killian?
I’d have to say...
Things are going
very well for me.
They’re gonna put me on
the cover of a magazine.
They came by my house and
took pictures and stuff.
I’ll bring you a copy.
I would love that.
My Paw-Paw is very proud of me.
I’m sure he is.
And how are things progressing
with the young lady from work?
She’s my girlfriend now.
She likes me a lot.
She laughs at everything I say.
And she really understands me.
I’m happy that she
brings you joy.
It is important that you find people
that you can make an emotional bond with.
I mean. yeah.
That’s why I say. I mean.
things are going really good.
Hey. you in pain. Playboy?
I got your medicine. Black pussy.
White pussy. Asian pussy. tranny pussy.
Let my bitches mend your
broken heart. nigga.
Come on. man.
You from around here?
Is it okay if I don’t tell you?
Shy boy.
Want to hang out?
Are you gonna take
your clothes off?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Uh. hold on.
Should we give him a chance
to really prove it Sunday?
Aye?
Do you like my body?
Yes. I do.
What’s your favorite part?
Hmm.
I like all of it.
I like your big arms.
You like my deltoids?
I don’t know what that is.
These.
Hmm. Yeah. I do.
You don’t think
they’re too small?
I think they’re perfect.
Judges always say
they’re too small.
Well. the judges are wrong.
Think they’re liars?
Everyone is a liar.
Do you want to fuck me?
Just give me a minute.
Let me help you.
You’re... you’re so pretty.
Yeah. really?
You think so?
Yeah.
Mmm.
Very pretty face.
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
You have a boyfriend?
You’re my boyfriend now.
Come fuck me. baby.
No kissing.
- Okay.
- Damn. nigga.
I was just... I was just
trying to make it sexy.
- I’m sorry.
- Okay. But no kissing.
- Let me help.
- I’m sorry. No. Okay?
I don’t want to do this anymore.
You don’t even like me.
I’m sick.
I have a sickness in me.
It’s okay.
Killian.
Killian. When you’re
done with your customer.
can I see you in my
office for a minute?
Yes. sir.
What’s up with you. brother?
Huh?
Week and a half I
don’t hear from you.
You don’t pick up your phone.
you don’t call me back.
And then you show up to
work looking like this.
What happened to your face?
Okay. Well. I can’t have
you no-show like that. man.
so I’m sorry. but
I gotta let you go.
Okay. I’m sorry.
I said I’m sorry. okay?
I need another chance.
Another chance? Killian. I’ve
given you plenty of chances.
Look. I mean... That time you
tore a tendon in your elbow.
three weeks off. no
questions asked. right?
I’ve got customers
complaining about you.
I got other employees saying
you make them uncomfortable.
- I can’t have you here. Killian.
- It’s my bicep.
What?
I tore a tendon in my bicep.
Okay. look. I’m gonna pay
you to the end of the week.
but then you gotta go.
Killian. I’m sorry. man.
How am I supposed to
take care of my Paw-Paw?
I don’t know what to tell you.
dude. Look. you freak people out.
- I’m a good worker.
- Oh. come on.
I lend my name and likeness to your
organization and bring publicity.
Your name and likeness?
What the hell is the
matter with you. son?
Killian. nobody
knows who you are.
Nobody.
Your mouth is bleeding.
Clean yourself up.
Be very careful...
how you speak to me.
Yeah. Coke. orange and
two waters. please.
Thank you.
Let’s go with something
and talk faster.
Yeah?
Can you pass the salt? Sure.
Yeah.
Mom’s gonna get a salad.
- He’s a little crazy. isn’t he?
- Yeah.
I feel like this kid’s
out of control sometimes.
I’m gonna...
You remember me?
Yes. I think you do.
Not so tough anymore. are
you. without your friends?
Not so tough at all.
Okay. made your point.
Leave us alone. please.
Your dad beat me up.
- He hit me with a pipe.
- Don’t talk to him.
He busted my head.
He kicked me.
Called me an ape.
He’s not so tough now.
You said your piece. we’re good.
I bet if I took a knife and I stuck it
in your belly. you’d cry for your mommy.
- Wouldn’t you?
- That’s enough.
Please. I’m with my family.
You’re with your family?
- I’m with my family.
- I’m an only child.
My mom and dad are dead. I
live with my Paw-Paw now.
- I know that.
- Yeah. I know you know that.
Whose is this?
- Soda.
- Whose is this?
It’s my son’s. Why?
- Hey. listen to me.
- Hey. hey. hey.
You sit... sit down. okay?
- Sit down.
- I’m sitting.
I’m sitting.
Hey...
Don’t drink this. okay?
It’ll make you fat. Yeah.
Nobody will like
you if you’re fat.
You understand?
It’s okay. It’s
okay. Here we go.
I’ll get you another soda. okay?
You still got your hamburger
and your pancakes. all right?
Ah!
Don’t look over here!
What is your problem.
man? That’s enough.
Just shut up!
- Somebody call the cops.
- Somebody call the cops!
Call them. Call them.
You know what? That’s
enough. Just leave!
Ooh!
Fat. Bald.
Fat. Coward. Ugly.
Short.
Let’s go. Let’s go.
Call the cops.
6’1". Black man.
unarmed... Unarmed.
Killian Maddox.
6’1". 245 pounds.
African American.
Black. Negro. nigger.
There are consequences. really.
Sir. stay right there!
- Put your hands up!
- Hey!
Hey. you need to
calm the fuck down!
Let me see your fucking hands!
- Turn around!
- Hands on top of the car!
- Let’s see those hands.
- Stay where you are.
Put your hands on the car!
I’m okay. I’m just
tired. I’m just tired.
- Okay?
- Stay right there.
- I’m sick.
- Keep your hands where we can see them.
Okay. I get it. I’m sick.
I’m sick.
Let go!
Stop resisting.
Hey. asshole!
Get off of me.
Calm down!
He’s gone limp. Roll
him over. Roll him over.
- Oh. shit.
- He’s having a heart attack.
Get him into custody.
Hey. don’t you die. fucker.
- Get him into custody. Get EMS here.
- Hey. don’t you die. fucker.
Disorderly conduct.
Public intoxication.
Resisting arrest.
Killian. these are all
very serious charges.
And you owe $1.200 to the
woman whose car you damaged.
Have you thought about how
you’re gonna pay for this?
Patricia...
I want to thank
you... for your time.
And for trying so hard.
♪ The beast in me
♪ Is caged by frail
and fragile bars
♪ Restless by day
♪ And by night
♪ Rants and rages at the stars
♪ God help
♪ The beast in me
♪ Has had to learn
to live with pain
♪ And how to shelter
from the rain
♪ And in the twinkling
of an eye... ♪
In firing. the
trigger is squeezed.
allowing the hammer to rotate
forward. striking the fire pin...
♪ God help
♪ The beast in me
♪ Sometimes it tries to kid me
♪ That it’s just a teddy bear
♪ Or even somehow manage
♪ To vanish in the air
♪ Then that is
when I must beware
♪ Of the beast in me
♪ That everybody knows
♪ They’ve seen him out
dressed in my clothes
♪ Patently unclear
♪ If it’s New York or New Year
♪ God help
♪ The beast in me
♪ The beast in me ♪
Yes?
Hello. is this Killian?
Yes.
Killian Maddox?
Maddox? Yes. this is he.
Killian Maddox...
It’s Brad.
Vanderhorn.
The bodybuilder.
I got your letters.
Yes...
This is Killian Maddox.
Hey. I got a little gig
in your area next week.
I thought maybe you’d
like to drop by.
You can come backstage.
say. "What’s up?"
Hello? Killian?
- Hello?
- Yes.
I’d like that.
Killian.
Hi.
All right. I’m gonna
head off to the trailer.
get those checks written.
Appreciate it. I’ll
see you tomorrow.
Thanks for coming. man.
Look at you. Look at
those shoulders. wow!
You look great. You look
just like your photo.
Thank you.
Mmm.
That was a very good show.
You’re very good.
Oh. thanks. I appreciate that.
Your abs look even
better than before.
My babies?
Wanna touch ’em?
It’s okay.
It’s all right. You can touch.
It’s all right.
They’re perfect.
You’re funny.
So. you’re my
number one fan. huh?
Yes.
Hey. honey.
Yeah. the flight got canceled.
First thing in the morning.
Tell them I miss
them. all right?
Tuck ’em into bed for me.
Yeah. I don’t like being
away from you either.
No. they’re taking really
good care of me here.
Yeah. maybe on the next trip.
I love you. too.
I’ll see you soon.
Hi. you’ve reached Brad.
I’m probably at the gym right now. Drop
me a line and I’ll get back to you.
Hey. Brad. it’s me.
I got your number from
the league directory.
I hope that’s okay.
Um...
Could you please
just call me back?
Sorry for all the messages.
and I know you’re super busy.
Um...
But yeah. please. just call me
back because I’m asking nicely.
I’m not raising my voice at all.
And. um...
Uh...
Honestly. when you don’t call
me back. it hurts my feelings.
And I just wanted to be friends.
And then you did those
things to me. so...
Um...
I would appreciate it
if you called me back.
Okay?
This is Killian
Maddox. by the way.
Okay. Thank you.
♪ There’s a blue light
♪ In my best friend’s room
♪ There’s a blue
light in his eyes
♪ There’s a blue light. yeah
♪ I want to see it
♪ Shine ♪
Bring that shit my way.
Jenna. can I have
another one. please?
Thank you. sweetie.
Hey. you got a light. big man?
Hey. you got a light?
What. me?
Do you have a lighter?
No.
Women. man.
You know?
Every single one. am I right?
Fuck.
Hey. you want to do a bump?
Would you like to
do a bump with me?
Come on.
Come on. let’s do
a bump. come on.
Come on. man.
Jenna. we’re gonna be back. Come
on. I’ll show you something.
♪ Crashing me by ♪
But it’s all bullshit. man.
you know? Oh. thank you.
You’re watching the news.
you’re watching television.
you’re being pumped full
of fear all the time.
There’s wildfires. there’s
terrorism. there’s fucking murder.
Cut to commercial. "Here. beta males. buy
this car. or the girl won’t fuck you."
You know. "Buy this home security system.
or your family will be raped." They will.
Meanwhile. the Muslims
are trying to kill you.
and so are the Blacks.
especially the Blacks.
No offense.
What would be the point of
being on the mountaintop
if you’ve got no one in
the valley to look down on?
I know you know what I mean.
Look down on.
Yes.
For why?
We got the monster. we threw
him in prison. you’re safe now.
Come on down and buy yourself
a new Ford fucking truck.
They can bomb the entirety
of the Middle East.
and yet I drive on a suspended license.
and I go to jail. and we just accept this.
We just accept this
year after year.
No.
It’s time.
Time for the people to rise up. Make
them feel the pain that we feel.
Give them a taste of
their own shit for once.
I have a gun.
I could shoot them
if you’d like.
You have a gun?
I’m sorry. that’s...
Yeah. yeah. Okay. yeah.
Go on out there and splatter their
brains all over the dance floor. please.
They’ll be missed.
Bang. bang!
Yes.
Yeah. Yes.
You’re a lot of fun.
You’re all right. man.
You’re all right.
You’re kind.
Hi. you’ve reached Brad.
Probably at the gym right now.
Drop me a line. and
I’ll get back to you.
Hey. Brad. it’s me again.
And. um...
I’m going to kill someone. and
then I’m going to kill myself.
If you scream. I’ll
shoot you dead.
I... I don’t have any money.
I’m not here for your money.
Do you remember me?
No.
Look at me.
2016 Dayton. Ohio. Grand
Prix. you were the judge.
You remember me now?
I judge a lot of competitions.
You didn’t like my
hamstrings or my deltoids.
That was a mean thing to say.
I... I’m sorry.
I’ll write a letter to the commissioner.
put in a good word for you.
It’s too late for all that.
No...
You’re on the mountaintop
looking down on me.
No. no. I’m not.
Yes. you are.
Take off your clothes.
What?
- Your clothes. take them off.
- Okay. okay.
Slowly.
Slowly. like you mean it.
Pants.
Slowly. or I’ll shoot
you in the belly.
Okay. okay. okay!
♪ Take me now.
baby. here as I am
♪ Pull me close. try
and understand...
Don’t. Don’t.
♪ Desire is hunger.
is the fire I breathe
♪ Love is a banquet
on which we feed
♪ Come on now.
try and understand
♪ The way I feel when
I’m in your hands
♪ Take my hand.
come undercover...
Front lat spread.
♪ They can’t hurt you
now Can’t hurt you now...
Front lat spread!
Okay. okay!
♪ Because the night
belongs to lovers...
Double front bicep.
♪ Because the night
belongs to lust
belongs to lovers...
Rear lat spread.
♪ Because the
night belongs to us
♪ Have I doubt
when I’m alone...
- Come on!
- No...
Ugly.
Dumb.
Gorilla.
Side tricep.
God. please.
Chest up.
Chest up! Shoulders
back. Squeeze! Squeeze!
Now look at me.
Smile.
Squeeze and smile!
Smile. Smile!
That’s it!
Do you see me now?
- Yes.
- You do?
Yes. Yes. I do.
You see what I’ve become?
Please. please don’t.
- Don’t. Don’t do...
- On your knees.
♪ Turn and burns
♪ Without you I cannot live
♪ Forgive the
yearning burning...
Who’s on the mountaintop now?
You are.
Don’t kill me.
Who’s on the mountaintop now?
You are!
No. no. no!
♪ Because the night
belongs to lust...
♪ Because the night ♪
Paw-Paw?
I’m headed out for a bit.
Okay.
It’s all right.
You good?
- You got me. I got you.
- Yes. sir.
It’s okay.
"Dear Brad...
"this will be my
final letter to you.
"Listen up.
"You might just
learn a thing or two.
"You have to do something
big and important
"or nobody will remember
you when you’re dead.
"It’s sad to say. but
that’s just how it is.
"The only thing that
matters in a man’s life
"is how he’ll be remembered.
"When I close my eyes and dream.
"I’ll tell you what I see.
"From the king of China
"to the little boy without a
friend in the whole galaxy.
"there will come a day
when the entire world
"knows my name.
"They’re going to put
my face on magazines.
"and everybody will
know I was here.
"Signing off.
"Killian Maddox."
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org